Q12: Which online instructional methods have worked best for you?	
1:1 conversations with my professors have worked the best since all my classes are discussion-based and can be quite chaotic with bigger groups.
2. Moodle writing discussions and recorded lectures
A combination of all of them works best because it keeps the class moving and more engaging. I do really like the small group discussion though.
A combination of Zoom and Moodle assignments has proven to be effective.
access to textbook online  attending lectures  contacting TAs/professor for help
Activities and online worksheets to test knowledge of concepts
all
all
All good
All have been about the same level of success for me.
All have been fine
All have been fine
All have been fine and good
All have worked pretty well. However, it just does not feel the same having to learn through a screen.
All have worked very well. I have appreciated the free access to online textbooks on red shelf
All of the above have been great!
all of them
All of them have worked equally.
All of them have worked pretty well!
all of them have worked well
All of them have worked.
All of them worked.
All of them, especially pre-recored and recorded options. I appreciated professors' presence and attention to my needs. Inviting speakers over Zoom was fun and helpful too!
All of these methods have been helpful.
All the ones that I have been doing for my classes are okay
All work, but the live office hours and discussions are most effective
All. Geology online doesn't work as well since it was already reverse classroom and now we can't do in-class activities.
alll of my courses have been on zoom
Any of them. Especially those that allow me and others to take our time in doing work - many, myself included, are under serious financial or family stress at this time, and so being able to set our own deadlines (to a point) has been helpful.
As there has not been much variety of format, I do not have much of a comparison to make.
assigned readings and recorded lectures
Assignments posted on Moodle to be done at my own pace
Asymmetrical lectures, as my schedule at home is very different than what is was at school
Asynchronous because I have more flexibility in what I would like to do
Asynchronous because you always have the option of rewatching the lessons if needed.
asynchronous classes are both easier in content and more convenient for me, as I have to get up very early to attend morning classes.
Asynchronous has worked best for me.
Asynchronous is nice. Can take classes on own schedule, and the flexibility is much appreciated right now
Asynchronous learning
Asynchronous learning
Asynchronous learning has been nice because it gives flexibility, but it does feel impersonal. Zoom classes have been good to get some social contact, but are very hard in bigger classes.
Asynchronous learning worked best for me because my internet connection is not very reliable, so it gives me more flexibility and time.
Asynchronous lectures
Asynchronous lectures.
Asynchronous materials released has worked best for me.
asynchronous meetings have been the nicest, though it is nice to see my classmates face to face. but the time comitment is hard given the current pressures.
Asynchronous methods have worked best for me.
asynchronous recorded videos and discussion forums
Asynchronous Zoom lectures
asynchronous.
Asynchronous.
availability to watch lectures whenever
both
Both are fine.
Both had their advantages and disadvantages.
both have worked fine
Both have worked fine, but I prefer recorded lectures because I can find the time that works best for me to go through the material.
BOth have worked really well
Both have worked well I like the combination of them
Both have worked well, but I like synchronous learning better.
Both have Zoom and Microsoft Teams have worked equally well. My Econ professor has been recording the lectures which are nice to refer back to for review. And my Sociology professor has been recording 15-minute recaps of the readings which has been really helpful.
Both in different ways--  Zoom has been good with certain classes that I need to ask questions in (real-time)  Whereas, pre-recorded classes are good with other classes where they just lecture and then there are other opportunities to ask questions if need be.
Both of them work good for me.
both work fine for me since I'm in the same time zone
Both work very well!
Both work, Zoom is nice because discussion is slightly more engaging and you don't feel like you're speaking into the void. It's also nice to see people.
Both work, Zoom probably works better than the discussion boards for me
Both work.
both worked well
Both Zoom and Moodle have been fine, but I have more trouble with keeping up with the pre-recorded lectures.
Both Zoom and Moodle have proven pretty reliable for classes
Both! Zoom is great for my smaller classes and for small group meetings and office hours with professors, but Panapto works pretty smoothly for my bigger lecture based classes.
Both.
Class recording.
Combination with focus on synchronous learning
Definitely not slack. While I don’t like zoom, it’s the best solution for class. It keeps people engaged in the schedule of having class, of keeping it at the forefront of our thinking. Also discussion can happen
Definitely the discussion boards, because I don’t need consistent great WiFi or a quiet space, both of which have been difficult to find
Definitely the zoom meetings, since they provide much needed structure in these uncertain times.
Discussion boards
Discussion on zoom in breakout rooms
Each instructional method felt most appropriate for the class to which it was applied, and all have worked relatively well.
Each of the class formats has worked well for its course (synchronous for a language course and asynchronous for lecture courses)
Each works well for the specific class, but overall I prefer watching pre-recorded lectures because of the ability to pause and rewatch certain portions, formulate questions, and email the professor, because I find that I can never think of questions fast enough or really even keep up with the live Zoom lectures.  I think that Haverford academics are overall really unnecessarily difficult in a way that doesn't benefit anyone's learning, so I think the easing of the workload across the board was a positive change that has allowed me to engage more deeply with the material despite not having access to class or campus resources. I can only imagine how much it would have helped me and my learning if Haverford academics were always this small amount less demanding.
EDU200 CLC at Bryn Mawr.
Everyone has used zoom besides a class that is solely using moodle as a discussion forum. I think everything has been working well.
Everything has been accessible and worked reasonably well for me.
Everything through Zoom has worked surprisingly well, despite timezones
face to face contact through zoom
For discussion based classes, live discussion sections and moodle posts have worked well.
For lectures and discussions, I have found Zoom works well.
Generally, breakout rooms have been most effective for me, as I tend to gravitate towards smaller group discussions, and in some ways, this has been superior to the in-person experience, as it allows for greater variation in discussions among peers with whom I might not otherwise have contact
Going to actual zoom meetings has helped me be more engaged with the class and probably learn more, but as I am in another country and timezone, being able to watch lectures asynchronously has been tremendously helpful.
Good
Having a live lecture made a big difference for me, and I most liked the system with retained writing assignments that were adjusted (with extensions given more freely) and with retained reading assignments.
Having a mix of asynchronous and synchronous have worked. Having a few zoom meetings a week ans also lecture videos and slack/piazza for questions or responses to a video/reading have worked for me
Having consistent Zoom classes
Having supplementary lectures, readings, and videos to complete on our own time is so much easier than staying structured around the normal class schedule.
having the classes be recorded so I can watch them again.
Honestly I am not the best person to ask since I don't have any zoom classes. But I can say that the online assignments have worked for me since they are essentially the same or very similar to the ones we had before
Honestly, I dislike them all: 1) I never learn well through passive reading/listening (as a result, my course choices are largely interactive/participatory), but... 2) I do not use a cell phone, because I get nervous and cannot think on a phone; same applies to video streaming myself - I am actually adapting now as I am forced to zoom, but still, in every zoom class, at least 70% of my attention is on the fact that I am on zoom, which is extremely stupid and frustrating but I cannot stop this distraction. 3) Posting in a discussion forum simply doesn't teach me anything. I seldom read others posts, which is my own fault, but I have so much reading piling up already, so responding to others is simply not a priority. 4)  Essay writing is always a painful process, but I do learn from it. Because I am in front of a screen all day all day long, this process is getting even more unbearable. Still, I feel this is by far the most fruitful effort.
Honestly, I've found it to be incredibly difficult to focus during the synchronous zoom class meetings and find my engagement in them slipping away more and more as time goes on, with the fault not falling on the professor but just the medium itself. For me personally, I'm not sure if there's really an online instructional method that I can really praise because it really just doesn't work for me.
Honestly, they have been sub-optimal as there is a general lack of motivation to work.
I definitely prefer synchronous over asynchronous classes, and the breakout room discussions are also helpful.
I don't feel that these methods work for me.
I don't like any of them, but if I had to choose, it would have to be Zoom.
I enjoy a mix of them both. I think it is nice to have flexibility, but the structure is also beneficial to keep me focused and motivated. I actually think some of the asynchronous lectures have been more beneficial to my learning because I am able to pause videos, write down questions as I go, and rewatch them as needed. My discussion-based lectures (like my writing seminar and Spanish) definitely benefit from being synchronous, but my science courses do well using a mix of synchronous and asynchronous teaching.
I enjoy meeting with actual people synchronously because it allows me to be social and have a somewhat organic conversation. Pre-recorded lectures are fine.
I enjoy that my Stats professor records and posts his zoom lectures online after class, as that makes the information easily accessible for students if they are unable to make the class. Overall I have enjoyed all the combinations of instructional methods my professors have used.
I enjoy the synchronous classes
I enjoy the zoom meetings because I get to see the faces of my classmates. I also value discussing the books and articles in my classes.
I feel like office hours have been most useful.
I find that the synchronous classes are most helpful, especially in STEM, where asking questions during the lectures can be very helpful.
I find that zoom lectures and moodle discussion boards work pretty well.
I find the panopto lectures and zoom class discussion model to be most engaging and educational. Group work is crucial right now as it lets me continue to stay connected with my classmates.
I found that live Zoom lecture emulated regular lecture the best.
I found Zoom to work quite well for me
I guess asynchronous. But I hate most of it. I’m appreciative of the kindness of the faculty, but zoom is truly a miserable existence and no amount of kindness and “check ins” from teachers will fix that.
I guess Zoom? It's really the only thing all of my professors use. I do think it's a pretty good video conference program though.
I have liked zoom just fine, I like the breakout room feature and think it helps give the meeting some texture and variety. I am not super enthusiastic about the technology but it is the closest we can get to what in person class would be like.
I have not experienced a large variety of instructional methods, partly because all of my classes are upper-level Humanities courses.
I have the same format for all classes. This works well for my accounting class because there are over a hundred students in that class.
I haven’t had any other instructional methods used to compare with
I honestly can't really tell if I'm learning anything.
I like getting to see people and have conversations over zoom, I have also enjoyed podcasts created by my professor.
I like most having a narrated power point to look at before class and then have a shortened class in the form of a zoom discussion
I like shorter lectures-- I feel as though more frequent shorter lectures are working best for me
I like synchronized classes because it's the closest thing to being in actual class. It's nice to have structure to my schedule and to see everyone in an unscripted environment.
I like the articles and discussion boards for seminar style classes.
I like the classes that have basically continued how they were going before best. Those that still meet regularly and expect a similar level of discussion and preparation.
I like the combo of synchronous and asynchronous learning because it takes a little of the pressure off the student during this time.
I like the discussion boards a lot. Allowing people to create thoughtful comments on their own time is a nice less stressful way to do things.
I like the live lectures on Zoom because it gives me the opportunity to see faces and interact with people
I like the online office hours. It is nice that some professors added additional office hours incase we need extra help
I like the prerecorded discussions because I can go back and listen again for things I missed or need to know.
I like the prerecorded lectures.
I like the pre-recorded panopto/Powerpoint presentations with accompanying audio narration- it is easy to follow, pause as needed, and go back and reference later.
I like the recorded lectures and I think Zoom can work if teachers go out of there way to incorporate the class.  I am in some classes where the teachers do this well and others where they don't and when they don't it leads to less engagement and less learning.
I like the synchronous classes especially in the stem field because it allows us to be more interactive.
I like Zoom because I feel like having a synchronous meet-up helps keep me motivated. I also like Panopto, though, because being able to pause and rewind lectures is very helpful for taking notes
I like Zoom lectures and breakout rooms for smaller discussions
I liked the recorded lectures
i love the asynchronous style.
I only have one zoom class and I like that one the most, it makes me feel like there is still some structure to my schedule.
I prefer asynchronous learning because I like to work at my own pace and not stress too much about deadlines or my own availability
I prefer synchronous meetings, as I feel they preserve the learning format my classes were designed for the best.
I prefer the discussions. Lectures are very hard to follow and my computer glitches and I miss things. Lectures are also just draining and not interesting online. I feel myself losing focus often.
I prefer the readings outside of class and discussion in class over leacture styles. It is very hard for me to focus on lectures.
I prefer the Zoom classes
I really dislike both for different reasons. Zoom is slightly preferable due to more possible interaction.
I really like online, pre-recorded lectures.
I really liked the Google applications and Zoom has worked well.
I suppose Zoom has worked best? The other two methods put an unnecessary and unhelpful burden on students.
I think having the combination is effective.
I think I feel more comfortable with asynchronous learning rather than scheduled zoom classes.
I think in general, none of the methods that have changed are super good for me. I think one-on-one meetings with faculty have probably been the most effective, as they are the closest to the normal experience of meeting with people.
I think it depends on the course; both are alright but since I have a time difference I prefer recorded lectures
I think live Zoom courses are better for learning, but since I'm on the West Coast, I'm not a fan of waking up early in the morning to attend them.
I think my synchronous classes have worked the best.
I think prerecorded classes have worked best for me
I think readings for my humanities classes paired with the podcasts my teacher has been releasing works well.
I think that synchronous discussion works well. For my smaller classes, people generally participate about as much now as they did when the class was in-person. I really like the breakout room/small group discussion option on zoom. It mimics in-person learning pretty well.
I think that the videos and quizzes to check understanding are very effective.
I think that zoom with the option to watch a recorded video afterwards for people in different time zones is the best instructional method.
I think the recorded lectures have kind of worked, at least better than zoom.
I think the videos made by professors are the best methods, because I can pause these videos, resume later if I have technical difficulties, and write down my questions as I go.
I think this question is slightly flawed since some classes work better with an online format than others. My language class seemed to adapt the best to the online format due to the lack of changes in meeting time and the similarity with in-class activities. In addition, it is able to benefit from the use of Google Doc activities (which were already present for class activities) and break out rooms for discussions.
I think Zoom
I think Zoom has been great for lectures and discussions.
I think Zoom is the best option available for connecting with others virtually. However, it is hard to stay focused and the wifi in my house isn't very good, so I often experience lags.
I think zoom lectures work best for me, it is sometimes hard to get the work done without the structure of going to class.
I think Zoom works okay for meeting over video, although certainly not perfect. I like the lecture videos my professor records using Panopto.
I wish I had asynchronous because I don't like waking up at 7am for a class.
I’d say Zoom can be nice sometimes.
I’ve only used zoom
Idk
I'm fine with all of them.
I'm not a big lecture person in general. For one of my classes, some instruction has been replaced by podcasts and news videos, which I have gotten a lot out of. Another of my professors has always posted detailed lecture notes on Moodle, and I'm using those instead of ever watching lecture videos.
I'm unsure—I recently just became well again, and I haven't been able to do that much coursework. All I know is that asynchronous courses are often, as a result of their nature, largely self-paced. This is nice at times, but also stressful—what if I leave too much for the last minute? But that is extreme. Overall, I'd say the way we're working in one of my classes, Classical Mythology with Professor Silverblank, is effective: we watch pre-recorded lectures, participate in optional discussions via Slack, and have all semester to complete relevant course assignments.
In person class
In person Zoom lectures/discussions/TA office hours are the best, and of course moodle. Also my physics labs were made virtual by our profs recording themselves doing the lab, which was probably the closest we could get.
It depends on the course, but I think Zoom lectures work well
It has really helped me to have synchronous class meetings and stay motivated and engaged.
It’s been fine
It's worked fine, not as well as real lecture but about as good as can be expected I suppose
I've enjoyed Panopto as I can pause and make sure I've written everything down. I also get to watch it on my own time and with breaks in between if needed.
I've liked the discussion where you can see everyone.
I've only had synchronous virtual zoom meeting and occasionally watch the recording outside class time, and both worked equally well for me.
I've only used zoom, another professor though has posted video lectures which have been helpful as well.
Lectures
Lectures and break out rooms on zoom
Lectures through Zoom or pre-recorded video lectures from my professors are BY FAR the best for learning. They are the closest to the classroom setting, and make me feel some semblance of a Haverford setting.
Lectures. (Class discussion is so difficult)
Live classes have been the best for me.
Live classes through zoom
Live lectures
Live lectures and screensharing examples
Live Lectures with lots of interaction with students.
live lectures, group discussions, and posted videos of lectures
Live lessons for sure
Live Zoom
Live Zoom lectures have been most helpful, though pre-recorded lectures make more sense for all students since it is not always possible for students to attend them given their time zone. One of my professors records the live lecture so we can have either one, which I think is extremely helpful.
live zoom lectures.
Live Zoom meetings.
Live Zoom sessions for smaller seminars.  Posting of lecture/office hours recordings.
LIVE zoom!
Low-key... Twitter Zoom is cool too
Math labs conducted via Zoom breakout rooms Online Peer Tutoring, Math Question Center, Calculus Resource Center, Office Hours
Microsoft Teams and Whatsapp
Moodle
Moodle
Moodle Discussion Forums
Moodle forum and Voicethread
Moodle lecture posts
Moodle quizzes/activities and power point slides for my large Oceanography lecture --&gt; learning on my own time, but still having to be accountable Readings + reactions + forums
My favorite method has been classes which divide their time between synchronous and asynchronous measures.
My internet connection is not strong, so Zoom is difficult for me. I like the discussion board posts.
My zoom meeting works well because it is only 4 students that meet once a week with our professor. The other methods have been okay, I just feel very disconnection from professors and fellow students.
N/a I haven’t been a big fan
Neither have worked that well to be honest.
neither really work, but i guess synchronous
Neither. I don’t watch the recorded lectures and I don’t attend the zoom lectures. I strongly dislike online learning and find nearly impossible to keep up with. Additionally, one of my professors is legitimately flooding my inbox with emails. I can’t keep up.
Neither. I find it extremely difficult to retain information to the same degree as I did on campus.
Non synchronous lectures via PowerPoint
None
none -- due to a number of health issues, my participation has been extremely sporadic and it has been very difficult to engage.
None are great but the zoom lectures are all we have.
None are the same as being in-person, but they are all running smoothly. Largely the result of professor flexibility and a willingness to adjust expectations and demands of students.
None have been goos
None of them work that well for me
None of these quite work best for me. I tend to zone out a lot and there are often a lot of technical issues. I'd say the Ipad sketches were most effective but a lot is left to be desired.
none to be honest
None. I have issues with social anxiety and attention that I’ve learned are exacerbated by online learning.
None. They all utterly fail to engage my attention.
Nothing can recreate a seminar outside of the classroom, since on Zoom calls everyone invariably talks over each other, but Zoom is the best alternative.
Office hours
Online classes
Online lecture with frequent activities and breakout rooms for class discussion
Online lectures
Online lectures are achieving what they could achieve
online live lectures
Online videos because I can always go back and rewatch the videos.
Only one method, but it's okay.
Optional weekly class meeting since I take care of a two year old during the day and therefore cannot attend these meetings.
Panapto
panapto and chat form
Panopto and zoom have been the best in my opinion.
Panopto is especially helpful.
Panopto lectures
Panopto recorded lectures with less frequent zoom checkins
Panopto works well for lectures, though it can be hard to focus. Zoom is a good platform but classes end up being shorter and lower quality because it's fatiguing to do them like a normal class.
Panopto. I find Zoom classes focused on discussion to be unproductive and forced.
Posted slides
Pre recorded lectures
pre-prepared lectures
Pre-recorded lecture courses.
Prerecorded lecture works the best.
pre-recorded lectures and live zoom classes
Pre-recorded lectures with an additional synchronous meeting through Zoom for discussion or clarification has worked best for me
Pre-recorded lectures, Zoom
Pre-recorded lectures/videos.
Pre-recorded posted lectures. Posting to class forums. SMALL group zoom sessions.
Programming projects
Readings and then commenting and responding to others on a forum, with a short, once weekly zoom meeting.
Real-time!
Recorded classes
Recorded lecture
Recorded lecture
Recorded lectures
recorded lectures
Recorded lectures are great because I can watch them on my own time, rewind when I need to go over something again, and pause when I need to write something important down before it is erased.
recorded lectures because I am in a different time zone & my classes would be VERY early
Recorded lectures have worked best
Recorded lectures send PDFs
Recorded Lectures will likely prove most useful
recorded videos
recorded zoom live lectures, since I am in a different time zone
Recording
Recordings and small assignments
recored lectures are really nice to have.
regular zoom meeting
Regular zoom meetings
Regular zoom meetings twice a week.
Scheduled discussions and recorded lessons
Seminar with synchronous meetings (only bc I am in the same time zone and have good internet).
Short Zoom classes have worked. Long Zoom classes have been hard and not helpful (anything over 2 hours is no longer useful, and 1.5 hours at max is ideal)
Since most of my classes have either severely reduced the workload or else kept things as they would have otherwise been, not much has changed, but of what has, the online 'normal' zoom classes are working best for me.
Small group discussion and group collaboration on google docs have worked best for me.
Small Zoom breakout sessions and check-ins.
Smaller group Zoom meetings with professors, Synchronous Zoom lectures/seminars, asynchronous lab work
Some of the online lectures - depending on the professor.
Structured readings and postings with access to office hours have worked best for me.
Student presentations- researching our own topics and then presenting them to the other students in the class
Synchronized Zoom classes.
Synchronous class sessions
Synchronous classes by far.
Synchronous classes have been effective for lecture-style classes, but less so for discussion-based classes or more interactive lecture classes.
Synchronous classes probably but all are bad. I’m not learning well
Synchronous discussion sessions have been best for me, although they have also resulted in more work outside of class to prepare for discussion sessions in my class that used to be a lecture and now has both synchronous and asynchronous parts
Synchronous lab sections and office hours, and prerecorded lectures
Synchronous learning is okay, but the workload has been excessive and the deadlines are also unreasonable.
Synchronous learning only when the class was small.
Synchronous learning through Zoom classes is the best option in these circumstances. Though staring at the computer screen is more fatiguing than being in class, it is the best way to continue interacting with professors and students. Breakout rooms are especially useful for simulating in-class discussion.
Synchronous meetings have been the most effective method, as it provides structure to my week/schedule and subconsciously increases the "seriousness" of class, which I believe is very important.
Synchronous Zoom lecture
synchronous zoom lectures seem to be best for me
Synchronous Zoom meetings.
Syncrhonous class is a blessing, I know it's not possible for everyone, but it is DEFINITELY better. Participation in online moodle discussion groups, or weekly journal entries, it's superfluous. It feels like I write a book report every week; also, it really impairs my time management - sometimes I have to wait for my classmates to respond, and they're on their own schedules!
Teaching on white boards at home via zoom
The ability to record the lectures. The ability to access the lectures in almost no time.
The asynchronous have been much better.
the asynchronous lectures
The asynchronous option
The board teaching has worked best for me.
The class with only some zoom meetings and revised syllabus. Oceanography a little less difficult in terms of time spent in actual zoom classes but that’s a whole other bag
The classes I have been having are fine, it is easy enough to ask questions during lecture
The classes that stayed the same - math and death. the workload is about the same, which I appreciate - the workload for physics has really increased since we are now responsible for learning the content by ourselves.
The discussion classes have been best.
the discussion classes on the normal schedule have worked best for me!
The discussions over Twitter feel the most similar to class discussions since comments are casual and concise. The Moodle discussions tend to be long and more formal, heading more towards the direction of a brief paper and are very time consuming. They definitely hold a lot more performative pressure.
The latter, especially because the discussion is open so we can bring in whatever we're thinking about into the learning.
The live classes work substantially better than recorded ones
the method for each class has been ideal under these circumstances.
The methods that have worked best are going to office hours.
The methods that I learn best from are by far the synchronous meetings that include a visual component.
The mixture of all have worked well - lecture and some other ways have been fine asynchronous, though most meaningful is class discussion over zoom.
The mixture of both has been helpful. It is nice to still have a connection to my professors and classmates over Zoom
The moodle forums
The most flexible methods are the best. Recorded lectures and labs with some in person support are helpful.
The only class I feel particularly confident in is the class where we're still having synchronous lectures that are recorded and uploaded. Keeping a structure to the week is basically the only thing that keeps me on top of the content. For my other three classes, I'm being maintained only by random bursts of hyper-focusing, which tends to make me spend WAY too much time on one part of something and literally no time on other equally important things. Basically, structured classes is the only thing that can convince me deadlines are real.
The only class which has made a modification that has benefitted me is the one that severely reduced expectations. In this class, the professor shortened each class meeting but offered two different sessions to attend on each day, both covering the same topic, so I had the choice to attend the later session which was not when the class originally met but which is at a reasonable hour for me while on PST. And, with the shortened class, I have more time to actually do the work for this class.
The optional learning has been working very well with my classes and participation and learning has actually been nearly the same as if we were in class, because we can choose to opt out when things are difficult, we have chores/errands for family, Wi-Fi isn't working, etc. and then come back without feeling stress or pressure.   The optional zoom meeting once a week has been much more engaging than Moodle posts, which I find make me far less likely to engage. That being said, I'm an affluent student with financial and physical security so I actually think that Moodle posts are good. The collaborative final project instead of a final essay/exam is also really great, it takes pressure off of everyone.
the powerpoints work well for that specific lecture class, but when discussion based classes have tried them they haven't been the 3-5 person group discussions have worked really well for discussion classes the mini quizzes have been great for making sure i do the readings
The prior recordings in conjunction with real time office hour explanations have been very helpful for bio. The zoom sessions for my other classes has also been helpful.
The readings and the videos probably with online quizzes/worksheets after, some zoom meetings are helpful
The recorded sessions are less stressful, but the live sessions make it so I can't procrastinate/get behind on lectures. I have two classes that the live sessions are pretty much optional (one they also provide recorded lectures, and the other they provide lecture notes) and that works best for me I think.
The recorded videos have been great due to the time change.
the stuff where we don't have to meet all at the same time (like videos)
The synchronous classes have been really beneficial for me during this time, and using breakout rooms as a place to work with other students is often a positive experience.
The Zoom meetings and pre-recorded lectures for classes that do not line up well with my hours here at home.
the zoom meetings are only nice to give me something in my schedule, the asynchronous allows me to do the work I feel able to do.
The zoom sessions have worked extremely well
these have not worked for me. Lecturing at this time could not be more boring and less interesting especially over zoom.
They all are working ok
They all have worked well
they all work fine. nothing different from being on campus except for zoom
They all worked great
They are all fantastic, even if the zoom discussions can’t replace the real thing
They both work best
They both work well. I think going to office hours is very helpful for math classes.
They have all worked well
They work , but its not worth the money im paying haverford. If haverford tries to instill any sort of room/board/food cost on us its gonna upset everyone
They’ve all worked fine
they're all fine
They're both fine. I definitely don't feel like I am getting the quality of education I would expect from Haverford, I barely have any work to do and it all just feels like fake class that isn't worth my tuition.
they've been fine, but hardly comparative to class at school
This has been as good as it possibly could be given the circumstances. Professors have been incredibly helpful and flexible.
Twitter discussion boards
unsure, panopto lectures and recorded zoom classes and synchronous zoom classes feel most similar to regular learning. twitter and moodle blog works but can get a little confusing and there's a limit to how much I can get out of it.
Video lectures have been the most effective for me because they maintain, to a slight degree, the normalcy of "going to class" for a specific block of time. I appreciate the real time discussion and ability to ask questions. I find myself considerably more engaged and excited by this format than more asynchronous approaches.
video recording
Videos
Videos viewable for 48 hours
Virtual TA
We have only used zoom.
Weekly zoom check in.
Zoom
Zoom (mostly) and recorded lectures
Zoom and Microsoft teams.
Zoom and moodle, although my internet connection has been extremely spotty so classes go in and out sometimes
Zoom and online forum.
Zoom and Panopto
Zoom and Panopto/Moodle forums
Zoom and recorded lectures.
Zoom because I am less likely to procrastinate since we have to attend class at a certain time.
Zoom breakout rooms, readings, reading responses. One tea her had us all make presentations and then watch each others’ and respond. I loved that
Zoom by an unquantifiable amount.
Zoom calls
Zoom calls have been the best at keeping me accountable.
Zoom class meetings and Google Hangout office hours.
Zoom classes
Zoom classes
Zoom classes
Zoom classes
zoom classes
Zoom classes and assignments submitted to moodle.
Zoom classes and office hours
Zoom classes but only for economics. This is likely because the pedagogical methods used by my professor are not impeded on zoom.
zoom classes definitely
Zoom classes have been fine.
Zoom classes have probably been the best for me.
Zoom classes.
zoom discussions
Zoom discussions and break out rooms. I have also found that having more small groups discussions or question time has been crucial as it is a lot harder to understand lectures online with no visual aids.
zoom discussions in my small classes have been best
Zoom discussions.
Zoom doesn’t work all that well because it cuts out frequently.
Zoom during normal class time.
Zoom for sure
Zoom for sure
Zoom has been best, but still is not the same. I do like the features for screen-sharing, chat, etc. MS Teams is horrible, and Panopto is good but is too asynchronous to be suitable long-term.
Zoom has been decent when we've used it, but it is a bit much to be asking students to be able to commit to classes during this time. Fortunately, the Psychology department has been very understanding of all of this.
Zoom has been difficult because it does not work well with large discussion based classes.
Zoom has been effective for most of my classes
Zoom has been good, able to see classmates and teacher just learn from screen
Zoom has been great because of the screen sharing ability for my lectures and for the video features for my discussion classes.
Zoom has been great!
zoom has been more effective than recording classes.
Zoom has been working out great
Zoom has worked best but I am lucky to have efficient wifi
Zoom has worked fairly well. Microsoft didn't really work.
Zoom has worked fine
Zoom has worked well and kept me engaged, though it's very hard on the eyes sometimes.
Zoom has worked well most of the time.
Zoom is fine
Zoom is fine. It's hard to concentrate and becomes easy to disassociate while class even if the material is interesting.
Zoom is good and reliable.
Zoom is good. I hate online class as a concept, but the software itself is very good.
Zoom is really helpful for going to office hours or TA hours. I also liked Panopto because the professor can record themselves speaking and record the PowerPoint, which is nice.
Zoom is way better than pre-recorded lectures.
Zoom is working just fine to be honest.
zoom lectures
Zoom lectures
Zoom lectures
Zoom lectures
Zoom lectures
Zoom lectures are pretty hard to focus on sometimes, especially if the professor gets sidetracked a lot. It's easier when there are a lot more breaks in class--not breakout groups, but changes of media like a video vs notes, etc Having the same structure of class as before is really helpful since it is familiar and written problem sets are fine for me.
zoom lectures/discussions
Zoom lectures/seminars are ok with me.
Zoom live courses
Zoom live meetings Recorded lectures
Zoom meeting
Zoom meetings
Zoom meetings
Zoom meetings
zoom meetings, data analysis of professor conducted research
Zoom meetings.
Zoom recorded classes
Zoom recorded lectures
Zoom recordings have been useful
Zoom seminars
zoom seminars I guess.
Zoom seminars in which students can interact with one another work best for me.  Zoom lectures are also good to attend synchronously since I can send questions to the professor in real-time, and their being recorded has been really helpful when I for some reason need to miss class.
Zoom synchronous meetings
Zoom virtual discussions.
Zoom works fine, however it is very hard to stay focused
Zoom works pretty well
Zoom works somewhat better than the asynchronous class (which is a Bryn Mawr one).
Zoom works very well. I find that synchronous meetings force me to stay more on top of my work and maintain a schedule.
zoom!
Zoom, email
Zoom, for sure.
Zoom, Google drive, moodle
Zoom, I suppose.
Zoom, ie face to face instruction
Zoom, its hard to watch posted lectures.
Zoom, Moodle
Zoom, recorded lectures
zoom, texts to read and quizzes to respond to
Zoom, video lectures.
Zoom.
Zoom.
Zoom.
Zoom.
Zoome discussions
Zoom-ish