Q13: Thinking about the online instructional methods that worked best, why do you think they were effective?	
- versatile platform w/ various features  - video conference "almost" feels like a classroom setting  - comfort of your own home / space (also a negative in some regards)
- When I learn, I have questions along the way...maybe about the process of a mechanism or a small detail that's part of the foundation of a concept. When having life Zoom calls, it allows me to be able to ask these questions without having the stop, Goog
A combination of clarity and accountability
A lot of participation. Teachers check in on us personally before the beginning of each class.
A nice way to engage with my classmates' ideas in a structured, thoughtful way
A synchronous class gives structure to the day and functions similarly to a regular class, and seeing people has been helpful for my mental health, which greatly affects my ability to complete classwork.
ability to be more accesible to most students
Able to see and communicate with the whole class Teams is not as reliable as Zoom Panopto is asynchronous
actually talking to people is nice
Albeit through an online video platform susceptible to lag and visibility problems (ex: not being able to immediately look at the work your partner is doing in their own notebook), I can still discuss the material with other people.   Peer tutoring (which I usually do through Zoom rather than the WConline platform) has also been good when both the tutor and I can synchronously work on a shared Google document (not even having to screen share) and talk about it.
All of my classes are on Zoom. I think the platform is effective for online learning. I think seeing everyone's face is more engaging and it doesn't seem much more difficult to have in class discussion.
allowed you to take it at your own pace and learn for the sake of it, not for assessment
Any lecture that has made use of pointers - i.e. software that allows me to visually see what a professor says when they say "look at this" or "consider this", with pointing software I can actually see what "this" is, which is incredibly helpful.
Anything with real conversation and reaction is helpful.
As close to face to face interaction as we can get right now.
As engaged as we can be is best for the most part
As long as I can ask questions and find a way to contact them, I am very satisfied.
As mentioned above, consistency and structure; without structure my motivation to do work very rapidly dissolves. For my classes that have significantly changed structure since spring break, I've only just now started to get back into the swing of things-- and even then I'm still definitely not hitting deadlines on time.
As mentioned above, synchronous lectures help to generate more of a "classroom feel." This helps students to stay on track and allows for discussion,
As mentioned above, the online meetings force me to be accountable.
Aside from being able to ask questions in real time, I find that the breakout rooms that are utilized in synchronous lectures are effective as well.
Asynchronous because you always have the option of rewatching the lessons if needed.
Asynchronous methods worked better as it allowed things to go at my pace, and I could ask questions where it would be addressed more specifically.
Because a lecture is more similar to a recorded class than a seminar is.
Because class could continue almost seamlessly.
because everyone is in a very different situation and schedule and dealing with different stuff and this helps to be flexible and not add unnecessary stress
because I can actually see people face to face.
Because I could do it on my own time (typically at night since there are two 4 year olds I have to watch during the day)
Because I could view the videos in my own time I was able to work on my own schedule. Honestly I've found these online lectures even more helpful than the in-person lectures of the first half of the semester, for this particular class. And the live lectures being recorded is also a great study resource that I've taken advantage of.
because i had to be present and engaged rather than procrastianting or not paying attention
Because I still get to "see" and "interact" with other students and my professor; although discussions are not the same over Zoom as they were in a Haverford classroom due to technology, etc., it's nice to still feel like I am having meaningful discussions with members in my community. Additionally, because of the consistent scheduling of this class, it forces me to be productive and makes me feel like things are still somewhat normal.
because i take my time with the readings throughout the week, and do the best i can, the asynchronous style is the most accomodating and works best for me. In all of my other classes, it has been difficult to proceed as nothing has changed, work load wise and methods wise. i am on the west coast, so having 7am class is difficult.
Because I'm living in a different time zone with three hours difference and I'm sure many students have even more time difference, having recorded lectures really helps to keep a normal schedule. If it weren't for the recordings I would have to be at class at 5:25am which would be hard and I'm sure other students have run into this. Something to keep in mind.
Because it allows the class to stay connected but makes adjustments and gives flexibility due to varying circumstances among the students.
because it basically feels the same as having classes in person
Because it did not require me to have a strong internet connection during the duration of a specific time of class
Because it is pretty similar to how we would normally run our seminars.
Because of the resources I have at home, synchronous learning via zoom has been effective.
Because of the time zone differences, this allows a great way to learn on one’s own time
Because professors adapted quickly.
Because they allow for engagement in a way that doesn’t feel artificial.
Because they allowed me to engage with my peers and professors directly in a way that more closely resembled normal class time
Because they are all we have
because they are the closest alternative to in person instruction
Because they are the closest to real-life school. We can ask questions in real time and interact with our profs and peers. And we don't have to learn a new system since we already know how to use Moodle and how it supports in person classes and assignments
Because they felt the most like real class
Because they help maintain certain interactions
Because they helped instill a sense of normalcy in this chaotic time, and because they aligned with my learning style.
because they involve face to face communication with the professor and other students, not just commenting through a forum
Because they reduced or did not add to the stress I am already feeling.
Because they require you to get on a certain time and follow a schedule.
because they were interactive and forced me to pay attention, its easy to zone out during zoom but not during a reading
Because they weren't asking me to pretend that I can still have an optimal learning experience.
Because they're flexible. People's circumstances are too different for the College to expect the same level of uniformity that is possible on campus (which I'm not saying is happening, but it is important to consider).
Because we are still able to engage as a class somewhat and having that connection were we can talk and see each other helps facilitate That.
Being able to ask clarifying questions and participate in discussions keeps me engaged
Being able to see and hear the professor and other students engages me more and helps me feel less isolated.
Being able to see my classmates and still have a semblance of structure and a classroom setting
Being in such deep flux, the ability to engage with the course when I can handle it, and piecemeal if need be, is an immense luxury.
best case scenario is to have class on zoom
Both are effective enough.
Both of these methods via zoom have made it seem just like I was in the classroom.
Can control what time I watch, can replay the video, can control the speed of the video
Can converse with the professor so it allows me to ask questions and get answers, as opposed to when I self study.
Can repeat as many times as I need to understand material
Cause I can play the prerecorded lecture with high speed, save much more time on learning the same amount of stuff.
Class discussion is achievable through online video chats. They are much less effective than in person instruction but they are more effective than recording classes and posting them.
Class recording allows me to go back to the parts I don't understand.
Classes are most effective when everyone is able to do the readings/homework and we can have a deep discussion. It is also important for the teacher to be flexible nd not just discuss the subject as if we were still at school, but adapt to the circumstances.
could see the face
Discussion classes have been fine on Zoom, it isn't too big a change.
Discussion-based classes require discourse and need to be completed in real-time. My science courses, however, are more content-driven, so it is not necessary to have these live meetings (but we could still benefit from completing problems together and discussing the course material)
Discussions are more engaging than lectures over zoom. In a sense, Zoom enacts an engagement threshold, where lectures are below the threshold, and discussions are above.
Easiest form of communication
Easy to communicate
Easy to coordinate and a two person virtual conversation is much easier than 22 people trying to discuss something on zoom.
easy to do with the time I have available
Easy to reference and follow along at your own pace.
Enabled active discussion.
Encourages collaboration and easier to get reactions.
Engagement. Most like normal classes
Essay writing? It forces me to read and by reflecting on what I read and organizing my own language, I synthesize what I learned from reading and form my original idea which I memorize well.
Everyone can be seen in case which is closer to class community.
Everyone is using it
Explained above.
Face to face communication is essential for getting ideas across
face to face is best way for accountability
flexibile and comfortable
Flexibility is key.
Flexibility, low-stress
flexible
Flexible schedule
For lectures, Zoom is perfect. Discussions however really aren't the same...
For STEM classes, google hangout office hours are effective because my professor can respond as soon as he can. Meanwhile, there is also time for both of us to think carefully before type in anything in the chat, which helps because it takes time to come up with ideas about how to solve a problem.
Forced attention
forced me to really be present and participate
Gallery mode. I'm serious. That's it. And the connection is good, but gallery mode is for real the only reason I'm alive. I like the chat, I like the reactions, the overall design, just everything about it is relatively nice. But really gallery mode is all I care about, I just like being able to see everyone at once
Gave me a schedule to work with while allowing some sway, I,e, zoom discussions are scheduled at 2 different times during the day son if 1 class conflicts with a session, I can attend the other one
Get interaction with classmates but don’t spend large amount of time staring at computer screen while in class
Getting to interact with my peers helps me feel more connected and involved in the class and also helps with loneliness.
gives flexibility to live under a great deal of stress and uncertainty
good ability to ask questions.
Good to have a mix of synchronous and asynchronous / options for either
Got to talk with teacher and ask questions
Greatest engagement with professors/peers
Had a good understanding of moodle before the crisis and the platform efficiently organizes everything
Haven't attended one.
Having a consistent time to meet up and be able to ask questions as the lecture occurs.
Having multiple ways to learn info is always helpful. Real time classes just makes me feel like I’m still a part of the class.
Having synchronous methods is great for discussion based classes as well as connecting with other classmates, but it can get overwhelming if there's too much. Asynchronous methods are flexible time-wise, so I think it's good to have more methods that fall under this category.
having zoom calls rather than prerecorded lectures helped me retain a sense of time and schedule.
helpful to have good communication with the professors who understand how difficult this all is for everyone
Helps me stay on track and not procrastinate on my work
I am able to complete course material at my own pace with the recorded lectures
I am not sure.
I appreciate the discussion
I appreciated how my instructors have made the online classes engaging and provided opportunities for students to ask questions and communicate with each other via breakout rooms.
I believe I learn best by bouncing my ideas off and explaining concepts to others, which synchronous discussion sessions have made mandatory
I believe that it made things seems a little more normal
I believe that panopto lectures and zoom have been the most effective. I like being able to watch the lectures at my own pace but also use zoom to clarify concepts that I didn’t completely understand.
I can always go back and rewatch the videos if I don't remember how to work a certain problem
I can ask questions during class.
I can do them in my own pace
I can do things at my pace.
I can follow the lecture when it’s best for me.
I can talk to classmates and professors.
I could pause it when needed to take breaks. Since it’s so hard to focus at home in a house of 5 with 4 people who zoom 5+ days a week, being able to stop when needed was helpful
I could watch the lectures whenever I wanted.
I did not have to worry about state of internet because it was not a live video but a discussion board that I could open online, copy paste the prompt in a word document, go offline, answer the prompt, then go back online and repeat with responses to other classmates.
I don’t think anything is as effective as learning in person but the professors trying harder and explaining things more and more in depth have been well; it’s not the methods that make it effective it’s the professors
I don't feel that they are.
I don't have to stay up all night to take classes
I don't have to wake up so early in the morning and my mind is more active in the afternoon/evening.
I don't mind teaching myself, so I like being provided with materials more than lectures/explanations.
I don't think any are truly effective right now because we all have different priorities. Colleges should be adjusting based on that reality.
I don't usually have a very hard adapting when I'm learning content, so that part wasn't a huge problem for me!
I find one-on-one meetings to be pretty similar to in person meetings (or as close as possible) so they work pretty well for me.
I found actual face to face conversation  the most efficient in relating information, and it made it much easier to ask questions and synthesize information. Less professor and student intersection in 2 of my classes has made it extremely difficult to learn.
I get to have interactions with people in real time
I got to ask questions.
I had either already used them before or they were easy to download and learn
I hate having to stay up-to-date with things, as it's very stressful, but it's more effective than asynchronous learning. Real-time class requires more engagement.
I have agency over my own learning
I have liked the breakout rooms because they give me a chance to actually do the groupwork that I would usually be doing
I have no comparison, but my classes are lecture based which is not affected to dramatically by the use of zoom
I have the opportunity to watch it when I am most available I can focus. I don’t have to conform to a certain timeline when picking up the class. When I fall behind in class, I can catch up in my own town
I just don’t work well with online classes
I learn best through discussion, so being able to still have class, lectures, and discussion makes me feel at least more engaged with the material. It also provides a really nice opportunity to see and talk to people.
I like having lectures recorded as I can view the lecture when it works best for my schedule. I also like this method because you can also pause and rewind the lecture to make sure I understand what the professor has explained and I can go back anytime to review.
I like my professors
I like small group discussions with breakout rooms because it seems like everyone is more nervous to talk when we are all on Zoom together so it's nice to have that time to speak to just a few students.
I like that the lectures still give us background info and help synthesize class discussions, whereas the twitter discussions and zoom meetings help facilitate the discussions.
I like the simulation of the classroom experience; it's what I am used to.
I like to see other people's faces and interact with them. I feel more engaged with the course this way.
I like using zoom because having things I need to do at certain times helps me keep a regular schedule and feel like there is structure to my time.
I like Zoom to interact with other students (helps me feel connected), and I also like Panopto lectures because I can do them whenever it is convenient for me.
I liked that we still got to see people face-to-face. It helped create a group setting when we could work in break out rooms on Zoom.
I mean they're dependent on class size, but I think the Zoom sessions are the closest thing to normal seminars we have right now, and that's pretty good.
I need some way of being held accountable to shorter term deAdlines.
I personally am unable to absorb the information as well as if I was physically in class without screen separation
I prefer to talk about concepts in a classroom setting, and zoom is the closest I’ve gotten to a classroom. I like seeing everyone in my class.
I still do really appreciate getting to connect with my class via Zoom every week. I only have one class that uses Zoom consistently, but I think it allows us to operate as close to how we did before COVID as possible.
I tend to lose focus over zoom after about an hour, so shorter classes have been good
I think because it simulates a classroom environment and accountability the most.
I think because they are the best we can do with what we have.
I think I already said
I think is effective because I have good time management
I think it is effective in small discussion based classes to Zoom during the normal class time, with the understanding that given the circumstances a student may not be able to make it on a certain day. I think this is effective because it emulates the classroom experience and for a small number of students it seems feasible.
I think professors are trying to keep as many hours open as possible.
I think remote readings and postings are effective because it's easier to do work on my own time at home, given balancing responsibility taking care of my family.
I think some professors explain better online, and I can watch the video at my own pace
I think synchronous classes are better for me because it gives me a more structured schedule, makes it easier for me to pay attention, and allows me to ask questions and make comments if I want to. I think breakout rooms are good because they simulate small group discussions that you would do in class.
I think teachers who consider what the main goal of their class is and then execute it in the most precise fashion are the most effective.  For example I think larger classes are best recorded with materials posted while I think seminar classes on zoom are constructive with teachers facilitating conversation.  Clear expectations and access to material is a must.
I think that for my discussion based classes zoom have been invaluable because it is the closest we can get to creating an enovfirment where we can properly discuss our ideas.
I think that is in with the most effective at maintaining the heart of Haverford classroom discussions
I think that it is helpful to do my own assignments because sitting on zoom classes can be hard for long periods of time, but I like zoom better than recorded videos because I can ask questions.
I think that keeping it synchronous holds me accountable for doing the work, and I still pay attention.
I think that live lectures are helpful because you are less likely to fall behind with them.
I think that maintaining the structure of the beginning of the semester really helped me stay on track.
I think that prerecorded classes have worked better for me because it allows me more flexibility in my schedule, which has changed since the coronavirus
I think that the best instruction in these times has been that which was understanding and aware of the situation. I think it is valuable to be able to discuss this crisis with my classmates because it has a clear, if not overwhelming, effect on our daily class proceedings.
I think that they were effective because watching videos is an easy way to absorb new material and information, especially when you're at home and it's harder to focus/concentrate on other things such as readings. I also think having mini quizzes to check understanding are good because it forces the students to interact with the material more.
I think that they work better because it's more like how it is at Haverford. For my one asynchronous class, Spanish, it's been hard to actually learn the material as well as do the assignments when it's all on your own.
I think that Zoom has been best for me because it forces me to stay engaged, and I can still see the professor and other students and learn in real-time.
I think that Zoom meetings are effective because they give me some structure in my day. They also hold me accountable so that I stay on top of my work.
I think the classes that adapted well to the online format were the most effective since they had minimum disruptions in terms of syllabus and changes in class activities. However, in terms of teaching style, I think classes that continued to host Zoom were able to be most effective.
I think the most effective online instructional methods worked best due to their primarily discussion-based nature in a way that was more clear to distinguish body language and other signals which are otherwise missing in an online lecture format. Having a smaller group allows for more organic conversations and greater flexibility in topics than would be possible in a more opaque large group discussion
I think the most simplistic and accessible ones were most efficient.
I think the prerecorded instruction works best because students can work on their own schedule and its less stressful. I've found to to a lack of interacting with people I am prone to go to sleep much later and I wake up super early for 9 am French but I can't help it because time slips by and I am more productive at night. Its also just better because I can review notes and major thoughts and points in discussions on zoom I otherwise might forget.
I think the synchronous meetings which have a visual aid work best for me because it is very similar to how I learned in class. I like being able to see something as I would in class because otherwise I find it hard to focus.
I think the Zoom classes function well because it gives me more of a schedule and holds me accountable for doing my work
I think they all allow learning in ways that are efficient but that also enable social distancing.
I think they are effective because I see other faces and must participate while my lecture classes is just watching a screen with math work being done.
I think they have been effective because they feel normal.
I think they were not effective because I do not think they were engaging. Changing the curriculum might help but I also realize that teachers have a curriculum to maintain. At the same time I don't think it is possible for students to be able to learn the curriculum in our current state.
I think this was best because I feel like I am still engaging with the professor, the expert in what we are studying, and I am certain I know what is important in the course material.
I think to some extent you need the social pressure to stay focus, engaged, and contributing
I think Zoom was effective for some classes which are more discussion-based, and I enjoy getting to see my peers, even if it isn't in person.
I think Zoom works because I like synchronous learning and class discussions are the most important part of my classes as a Humanities major. It also structures my time, which is helpful.
I think, in all cases, they aren't extremely effective; I am still very much detached from class and largely unmotivated, just more so in some situations than others. Furthermore, I don't think effective/ineffective are particularly relevant for me, because they are all effective in the sense that I can still participate in class in some way without being half-asleep, and the most "effective" one would be ineffective in another class because I would be half-asleep.
I was able to access them readily.
I was able to gain an understanding of class material and was able to maintain virtual connections with both my professors and classmates.
I was able to view lecture slides while hearing my professor explain material. If I had questions, I could either ask them if the meeting was synchronous, or I had the opportunity to use forums or email.
I was given some degree of flexibility since I'm in a new environment and set class times aren't as effective anymore.
I was worried about connection when trying to speak to professors by zoom hasn't failed me, yet.
I'm currently back home, abroad, and the time difference has been effecting my access to live sessions. My seminar class was flexible enough to adjust their timing to be more accommodating and the posting of office hours/lecture recordings has been helpful because I can access it on my own time.
I'm finding that more simple technology like zoom or a discussion forum has worked best. Zoom is well-understood now, and forums only require you to type up something and send it, rather than figuring out an entire website and system.
I'm still able to ask my professors and TAs questions, and I can still reach some classmates if I want to collaborate
In non-discussion based classes, zoom is fine. However, in discussion based classes the quality falters quite a bit. However, professors have worked very hard to ensure the best possible learning experience for the course
in person comtact
Instead of a power point, with the professor writing everything down, I can follow along and take notes like an in class chalkboard lecture.
Instructors were willing to learn and use the full capabilities of these platforms
Interaction is important
It allows for clear communication
It allows me to work at my own pace and adjust my schedule at home, and takes away the stress
It allows students different ways of participating in class, especially students who don't have steady wifi to be able to zoom in or don't feel comfortable participating in zoom format.
It allows us to learn the material on our own time and then to meet with classmates and professors to voice our questions or comments once we have all had a chance to go through the material
it definitely depends on the course content—my Psychology course has lots of reading, and my Logic class has lots of practice exercises on a desktop app, so they both work well w/out an in person lecture
It depends so much on class size and level. For big 200 level lecture, synchronous lecture over zoom makes sense. For higher level classes, asynchronous is appropriate because upperclassmen should be comfortable enough to contact their professor and have gained trust to watch lectures on their own time
It doesn't replace the class room experience but it allows everyone to get together
It facilitates discussion between peers much better than asynchronous classes.
It gave me something to do and engage with, that I felt like I actually had a reason to engage with because I would be doing so for other students and receiving their feedback, instead of just submitting something in an assignment folder on Moodle that I would never think about again.
It gives me the freedom to learn in my own time.
It gives me time to do things on my own schedule
It has been nice to be allowed to take a step back and do what I can without feeling pressured to give more or held to such a high standard. The teachers who have scaled back or shown that they value the individual struggles students are going through have been the ones that have made this adaptation easier.
It is easiest to learn hard/dense material without the distraction of zoom, but also nice to have an interactive component (zoom discussions) to help you stay connected.
It is hard to stay engaged for more than 10 minutes  if there is no interaction with the professor or peers so recorded classes are somewhat hard to focus on. In person is helpful as atleast there is some interaction.
It is helpful to still be able to ask questions in real-time.
It is more time efficient -- and more like a classroom setting.
It is nice to have the whole class together, and to be able to have the professor share their screen.
It is not too difficult to stay engaged, participate, ask questions if needed.
It is real time and I have more desire to actually do the work if I am actually interacting with someone
It is similar to in person
It is valuable to retain peer-to-peer interaction, particularly because my classes are largely discussion based
It keeps me more engaged in class during that time than a lecture or asynchronous classes.
it resembled a Haverford classroom the most.
It was already a discussion based class.
It was easier to ask questions
It was flexible to my schedule
It was most like normal classes and held me accountable for watching the whole lecture rather than skipping forward.
It wasn't asynchronous learning per-say, it's just that the lectures of my biology class works better in a virtual learning format compared to my synchronous class discussion-based courses.
It’s a good blend of engagement without being too zoom heavy.
It’s good to have the visual connection that many students value at Haverford. Because the small classroom environment is so essentially to academic learning, Zoom somewhat replicates that experience for me.
It’s hard to keep the class schedule I had at Haverford at home. I like taking classes/learning on my own time. I’m really prioritizing my mental health and trying my best not to be overwhelmed.
It’s hard to pay attention in class, and also having to stare at the screen for so long. Having the lectures recorded means I can go back and rewatch if needed
It’s like school
It’s live and easier to understand and be engaged.
It’s more interactive.
It's an easy and simple way of computing on a forum based application.
It's easier to have a productive discussion when everyone is able to communicate in real-time.
It's hard for me to find the flow of the conversation in a discussion-based class held on zoom, so for the purpose of an online discussion course (which most of mine are), I think having material to work on on my own is helpful to me.
It's harder to maintain focus when there's no face-to-face interaction with the professor or with fellow students.
It's helpful to be able to do my work at a pace that works for me and I know it's also very helpful for those in other timezones.
It's nice to see other faces. I feel less alone.
It's the closest method to the lecture.
It's the closest thing to in-person class instruction. I can see other people, and we can talk with one another as we normally would. It's a little harder to pay attention, but it's been the least disruptive class transition.
Its the closest we can get to discussions
It's the only one that's been used.
just because I get to see my peers and professor
Just the closest thing to being in class.
Just trying to mimic the classroom at school as best as possible (making minimal changes) seems to work best.
Keeping a connection to friends and classmates, not getting bored during lectures.
Kept some of the communication
Lectures are not much different online from in person
Lectures generally work for my STEM classes
Live Zoom classes incentivize keeping up on work and not skipping.
Live, synchronous classes. They provide a structure to the week that holds me accountable for doing work, and they make it easier to portion out work. Additionally, meeting during a regularly scheduled time allows me to experience affirmation for the work that I'm doing; I can receive feedback, learn from other students, ask pertinent questions without feeling like I'm adding additional burden to my professors, and better understand how my grasp of course material compares to that of my peers.
Living life in a quarantine household makes it very difficult to operate on the same schedule as one was doing in school, so having a lot more autonomy in managing my time makes it much easier.
Maintain a sense of a schedule/in-person (sort of) meetings
Makes me really focus on the materials.
Meeting on Zoom works well once you can get everyone together. It is much easier to get something done when all parties are present and attentive.
Meeting over Zoom is just not the same as being in class, but it provides some mandatory social interaction with people outside my household, and regular meetings make it more difficult to fall substantially behind.
Methods that are flexible are most effective
Moodle forum and Voicethread are great as they really give a sense of interactional discussion, and students aren’t pressured to participate in a certain time; we can participate whenever works for us.
Most closely mimic instruction at Haverford
Most of my classes are lecture-heavy courses, which through Zoom, were able to maintain a lecture-style format.
Most similar to regular class
my asynchronous class consists of material that doesn't require a lot of discussion in order to work through or understand it. my synchronous class takes more discussion and that is able to occur via the zoom classes.
my classes are largely all discussion based- zoom is pretty much the only method we've tried and so far it works pretty well
My classes are more seminar-style, so being able to have discussions hasn't been totally disruptive to the overall goals of the course.
My classmates and I feel comfortable enough with each other that small group discussion over zoom is comparable with similar discussions we had in person before the change. I think that zoom as a platform is helpful and efficient.
My most important classes are scheduled and mandatory, but I am taking one class to fulfill my natural science requirement that is not as important to me and that is the nonmandatory scheduled zoom class with posted lectures, which helps me manage stress and time management.
My professors are still getting the information out that we need for class and making it clear what their expectations are for us.
My professors were not prepared for online instruction so it didn’t really work well for me.
My sleep schedule is very messed up right now so being able to watch recorded lectures later is very helpful. Recorded lectures also let me pause and re-listen-to sections to match my note-taking speed or when I find my mind wandering.   However, being able to talk directly with professors and TAs via Zoom in lab sections and office hours is invaluable for working through difficulties in assignments, as well as maintaining some semblance of social connection.
N/A
n/a
n/a
N/A
N/a
N/a
N/A
N/A
n/a
NA
NA
Nice to have the continuity of how things were before. Not much has changed aside from class just being online.
None of my professors have provided pre-recorded lectures - but if they did, I feel that would be best. It's the closest you can get to synchronous classes while still accommodating students in different time zones. Another professor of mine has a wonderful homework model: instead of writing some 300 word reflection (not enough space to develop an actual, contestable claim; just enough space to be onerous!), she has us write three questions we had about the readings. You have to complete the readings in order to write the questions, obviously, so you're still consuming the information. It's simply a less exhausting way of proving you understand the reading - you can challenge the reading, even. And isn't that the best form of learning, to get to the point where you can contest an author's claim?
None of the online instructional have worked very well for me. The internet in my house is really bad, and I am frequently forced to leave our class meetings.
Not Applicable
Not entirely - the synchronous learning part was effective because questions could still be asked, we could have discussions, etc.  But it was also challenging because of the workload, deadlines, inconsistency in Wifi, etc.
Not sure
nothing has really changed
Nothing stood out to me as particularly effective.
Once again, I can't really say anything about how effective the teaching is because I don't know if I'm learning anything.
Online assignments provide a sort of liberty and flexibility, since I can schedule when I want to do the assignments throughout the day on my own.   Online assignments are most successful when deadlines and check points are enforced by professors. It's very difficult to self-schedule and self-motivate in these times, so forced scheduling is most ideal.  Without zoom classes the positive side is that all my learning is self-guided and I feel like I've done a good job so far at making the most of the situation in my way.
Online lectures and extra sources to help understand
Optional weekly class meeting since I take care of a two year old during the day and therefore cannot attend these meetings.
Overall, I have noticed little difference in the execution (on the professor’s end) between online lecture and in-person lecture formats.
Panopto allows the professor to record a lecture along with the powerpoint and other visual aids
Panopto has allowed us to have asynchronous lectures (although there have been some technical difficulties with it) Zoom allowed us to have productive office hours (particularly with screenshare) and
Panopto recordings works best for me because i can develop my own schedule and watch lectures on my own time,
Pausing and recording lectures to take notes.
powerpoints are good because it's hard to take in all my information through my ears smaller discussions are easier to talk in, especially if the discussion can happen without the professor there leading it for the entire time because it's easier to engage when they aren't there mini quizzes help force me to do the readings and internalize them without the stress of reading every word
Practically it isn't all that different from a normal lecture
Pre-recorded classes allow me to work my school work into the drastically new living situation I am adjusting to.
pressured me to set aside time to sit down and learn like I used to in the beginning of the semester rather than putting it off to undetermined time
Professor can lecture and share screen they write notes on
Professor care and concern.
Professor flexibility
Professor Reckson is the only professor I know of who is actually allowing accommodations for our work, and her asynchronous discussions are actually possible for me to do.
Professor was relatively savvy with technology. Also the professor recorded her lectures so that certainly helped.
Professors did as much as they could to make this situation better.
Professors have been using different features of zoom to fit their teaching style.
Professors keeping things in control and clarifying everything as we moved on, keeping things fun, setting clear expectations and schedule.
Real-time conversation with professors and classmates it is helpful(easier to learn) when professor teach with their camera on
Recorded classes provide one with the opportunity to review the classes later
Recorded lectures - I can do everything on my own time; Live lectures - creates more pressure/obligation to get things done (not necessarily in a positive way), but also creates structure that I do probably need
Recorded lectures allow me to review easier and help with scheduling.
Recorded lectures are not that different from normal lectures. When Zoom works, it is because students and the professor are invested and make it work.
Recorded lectures still provide us with an equal amount of knowledge as in-person teaching.
Recorded videos are better than watching the lives for me because I can pause, stop, and skip the video at my own pace.
Recording the lectures allows me to watch them later if needed.
Relatively consistent connection
Replicates the classroom environment as well as possible
Same answers from above. I also like the discussion forum, because they engage us all together in one place.
See above
See above
See above -- Zoom is dynamic, versatile, and meets most peoples' needs.
See above.
See above.
See above.
Seeing peers and instructor face to face helps me feel more engaged and that we are all in this together.
Sharing the screen has been essential for economics instruction. Most of what we are doing is graphs with different colored lines and shading which simply cannot be taught without seeing the drawings.
Simple to use, still not the same as in person education though
Small class discussions forced me to actually pay attention and they were the most enjoyable and meaningful
Small groups.
So long as students have access to the technology, I think Zoom works more or less the same as an in-person class. It makes discussions a bit more awkward, but lectures are nearly the same and discussions are only slightly inhibited.
so that I can go back anytime I want
Some interaction with people, in depth working with material, but not overwhelming amounts of people like in a full zoom class and not a ton of pressure or stress
Stated above.
Still allow for participation and discussion, core elements of many haverford classes
Still had active engagement with class and teachers
Still maintaining a classroom feel.
still talk to my professors
study abroad calsses
Synchronous is nice because I find it helpful to see the other students and that we are all struggling through this together. Gives me more of a sense of the bi-co community.
Synchronous learning helped me maintain a schedule and be accountable for my work.
Synchronous lecture classes are helpful in that we are able to ask questions if need be. It allows for interaction as needed, but doesn't make it difficult to ask questions if you need to.
synchronous zoom classes are best for in depth discussion, and therefore that made the English class seem the least changed. For biology, we always had online lectures available and discussion is less important so it felt very similar.
Synchronous Zoom classes, because I am still able to maintain a schedule
Teacher really trying to make it work!
Teachers are able to show their work concisely and talk through it and without disruptions from other students.
teachers can adapt more quickly and effectively
teacher-student engagement
The ability to feel like we are still in the classroom
The class is small, I still get to interact with my classmates.
The class with more than 10 people have been a struggle because either they are lecture which is harder to focus on than when at school, or discussion that is stilted over zoom.
The discussion boards allow students to post at times that work best for them. They don't have to worry about strong internet or timing issues.
The discussions were a central part of the classes. It has been nice to still have some discussion.
The instructor had something to stand in place of a blackboard or whiteboard (Microsoft outlook with a stylus, iPad Notes with the apple pencil, etc.)
The intellectually stimulating conversations I have with my professors and peers are part of what  Haverford so special, so having live classes had been better for me for that reason.
the lectures being asynchronous allowed me to listen to them whenever was most convenient for me, and participation is not relevant. my other classes are interactive so the synchronous method was certainly best.
The method is similar to what we use in in-person classes.
The only thing that has worked is my small group meeting with my thesis advisor. She is so supportive and awesome, and the people I’m meeting with are people I’ve worked closely with this entire year. That’s a community I care about and want to deliver results for, something I want to keep up with.
The platform has good tools for learning
The professor was able to convey information clearly and answer readily answer questions
The subject matter is more straightforward, so my answers are skewed, but also the professor is very organized.
The synchronous aspect of this helps to keep me on track.
The synchronous classes are the best way to simulate what we had on campus without actually being there.
The synchronous virtual meeting via Zoom emulates the class environment pretty well, still allowing interactions between instructors and students.
The time difference makes it hard to align, so pre-recorded lectures are great for that. And when I need to speak to a professor, I can set up a conference on Zoom that feels similar to office hours, so that is helpful.
There is a level of interaction and involvement with the instructor. However, I find online/at home learning very difficult because of the difficulties of concentrating on class work at home/during global crisis.
There was an easy channel of communication with the professor or a smaller group. Smaller groups helped because you could actually see everyone's faces on your screen rather than so many that it becomes confusing.
These are altered versions of the in-person classes I would be attending if at Haverford, and thus can maintain much of what the courses were designed to be like.
These instructional methods allowed for internalization of the material and facilitated some sort of group discussion at the same time. I think this is the best way that I learn generally, and while it’s easier to achieve in a classroom setting, this is the closest thing to that kind of environment I’ve been a part of thus far.
These methods understand that course lectures are not an effective way for everyone to learn right now.
They allow flexibility and I can go at my own pace.
They allow fluidity with my schedule but still let me feel connected to my class. They also give me more structure than completely asynchronous classes, which is something I really need.
They allow for discussion
They allow me to work on my own time while managing my own situation at home.
They allow students to proceed at times convenient to them, but with the Zoom meetings, we still have benchmarks so we do not get too far behind.
They allowed for classes to meet at the same time and it was helpful to be in breakout rooms where we could still do small group work.
They allowed for interactive learning of some sort.
They are closest I feel that we can get to the "normal" class set up
They are effective because talking with professors clear up information
they are fine mostly because not a lot changed.
They are live, so it is easier to ask questions. They are no worse than live lectures, and work quite well in discussions.
They are simple to use but still have many of the same benefits of a classroom environment.
They are the only options haha
They aren’t effective they’re just more effective than the others
They aren't really, they're just what is working at least a little bit
They did not try to depend on student discussion. The best lectures I've been on online have breakout rooms so people feel more comfortable to participate.
They enabled me to directly interact with my classes, instead of just staring at a screen.
they feel the most normal and being able to see the professor and other students is nice.
they force me to stay engaged
They get the job done. They aren’t ideal, but they keep the classes connected.
They give me some flexible in my day, as my sleep schedule is very weird due to the current situation. Also, they allow flexibility with people's time zones. Also, if someone doesnt have a strong internet connection, they can watch on their own accord without worrying about missing something in the lecture due to cutting out, etc.
They give more of a sense of being in a classroom, and they allow for more auditory based learning.
They have followed the format of these classes when they were in person making the transition smooth. Screen sharing has allowed for presentations and as a visual guide to material
They have the opportunity to respond in real time, and it is the closest to being in a classroom.
They keep me accountable
They keep me accountable because I must show up and I have live contact with my professor.
They keep me engaged with the material, plus Zoom allows me to still see my classmates and professors.
They kept me more engaged so that I didnt get bored
They kept the same schedule as before the pandemic, and this has been really helpful to at least keep a part of my days on the same time schedule even if nothing is in person anymore.
They let me go through the material at my own pace, stop and review when needed, etc. Having to write responses to Moodle discussions take way longer than just regular reading and discussion would take but they push me to really understand and synthesize the material and then express my ideas in writing
They mimic the classroom space well, and the forum posts are a good supplement for cutting down the synchronous lectures from twice a week to once a week.
They mimicked best the experience we had at Haverford.
They provided a sense of interaction and stability while simultaneously being academically stimulating without causing undue stress.
They relieved me of stress since the deadlines were less strict
They require me to be in a certain academic headspace for a specific duration which is both helpful to me in creating proper time management, but also in engaging me with the material more effectively.
They were effective as it allowed you to interact with other students even though you cannot see them in person.
They were effective because it allows for flexibility while also keeping you engaged with the material.
They were effective because they most closely replicated in-classroom learning.
They were more personal because they were with smaller groups, unlike a larger zoom group where people talk over each other and there isn't a lot of debate or personal exchanges.
They were most similar to how we ran things in real life
They were the closest thing to being in a classroom in person, allow you to participate, communicate, and have some type of social interaction in your classes and are a bit less individual.
they were the most accommodating of the methods
They’re all I’ve got
They're helpful to me since I'm three hours behind, plus I can go back to them and access them whenever I need.
They're simple and easy to use.
This prof clearly empathizes with students on different time zones while still preserving the discussion component of the class by keeping sessions synchronous. I wish more professors realized that COVID-19 impacts their classes in more ways than just “let’s teach online now,” that expectations should be reduced.
This set of methods worked best for me because it felt most like a regular class and I felt as though I was learning just as much (I also feel like the professor was very effective in managing the Zoom classroom, and therefore allowed it to feel very similar to the in-person classroom).
Tuning in in real-time allows me to ask questions, and I cannot put off listening to the lecture.
Twitter works best because the entire class can participate at once, but if for some reason that day I (or someone else), couldn’t access the internet at that specific time, we have the option to participate later and we don’t miss out on anything
Use of class time productively, not putting too much extra work on the students than what they're used to.
video lectures are good because I can pause when I need to take a break, zoom meetings are nice because it's good to get to talk to people
Video lectures have been effective for me because I am both a visual and auditory learner. I have found it much easier to participate and understand the material when I am able to listen to my professor explain it and leave room for questions in real time. I have also found relief in the little moments which feel like they could have taken place in our classrooms on campus. I enjoy the normalcy I feel when engaged in a video lecture.
We can access to courses not at the same time.
When I was less stressed with work and therefore more motivated to do it. Online moodle disussions are easier for me than in class, mostly because they give me less anxiety- appearing over a computer screen can be really nerve wracking (and i don’t know why because I’m never uncomfortable talking in class, and sometimes I talk too often)
When professors are willing to meet over zoom to go over questions outside of class. Because it shows that they are also invested in my learning as well.
When you can see everyone and have to discuss things, it keeps you engaged.
With live instruction I can engage, ask questions, work collaboratively with students, etc.
With these classes, there is still some connection and time to discuss or ask questions, but there are also days when I can adjust my schedule as needed.
Work at own pace
You can ask questions real time and feel involved in the lecture.
zoom
Zoom allowed people to ask questions via the chatbox
Zoom allowed students to still have some interaction with professors, which is one of the reasons I chose Haverford initially. Also, having class at scheduled times has been really helpful in keeping some schedule during this time.
Zoom because it forces me to go to class.
Zoom classes are still conveying the material so that is good (not necessarily ~effective~). Voicethreads have been good for presentations
Zoom classes have actually been great, I much prefer being able to have some sort of discussion, moodle forums just feel much more impersonal, and just sending my professor work does not feel like school... it just feels like a strange research job almost
Zoom classes help me feel connected to my peers and faculty, help with loneliness, and give my week some structure. We can still have discussions
Zoom classes with 10 or fewer people have been fairly good so far because it is nice to see the professor and other students taking the class. They are especially great when professors record the classes because I have had a few times where my old computer kept kicking me out of the Zoom app, so I missed chunks of class. I appreciate it when professors are accommodating and understanding.
Zoom classes work best for me because it is good to see and hear other students, and it is easier to manage my time when the class is synchronous.
Zoom forces me to commit to doing some things by schedule, self-instruction has allowed me to take the time I need to learn when I am in the mindset to learn.
Zoom gives Profs an opportunity to be kind and work with students in a meaningful way without putting more work on the students.
Zoom has a lot of capabilities with breakout rooms and screen sharing that’s very helpful.
Zoom has been fairly effective with the exception of occasional freezing due to WiFi connectivity issues
Zoom has been helpful when class has had breaks. It's hard to stare at a screen for 90-120 minutes, and giving students a chance to stretch and clear their head has been helpful.
Zoom is a good platform and I am able to see and hear all of my classmates.
Zoom is a great service, and it is decently powerful. I think my Analysis Professor had especially stepped up to the plate.
Zoom is a great tool to coordinate online learning
Zoom is able to get the job done in terms of discussion classes
Zoom is effective because it's more than just a group call. There are various tools that students can use to interact with the professors and peers, and using them is highly helpful.
Zoom is especially helpful, because it is good to talk face to face and receive personal instruction.
Zoom is good because it is pretty flexible. You can call in if you don't have great wifi connection, mute/unmute, type in a chat, work in breakout groups. It's quite a robust program that seems to fit lecture style and seminar style classes decently well.
Zoom is high quality in my opinion compared to other video conference platforms, like Microsoft Team which I had to use in the first week because my professors could not get us onto Zoom at that time. It has a lot of functions that I can tailor to my preferences for sound and video. Zoom also allows everyone to be seen all at once (and you can hide yourself) which I think best approximates a real-life meeting. The lecture videos provided by my professor are effective because they are very high quality and they remind me of the real-life lectures my professor gave us before this happened.
Zoom is like regular class because we can see each other and the break out rooms are great for group discussions.
Zoom is the most normalized communication method. Especially in classes were lecture is a main focus, zoom allows the class to continue as normal and still gives the feeling of being in a class with a connection to the professor and other students.
Zoom makes the class feel slightly  more connected
Zoom meeting has a recording option so that students can watch the lecture recording afterwards if for some reasons they cannot attend the Zoom lecture.
Zoom meetings cause the least disruption to overall course structure, which makes things less confusing/disorienting.
Zoom was effective, for the most part, because it was the closest thing to the class setting we experienced when the campus was open.
Zoom works well because you get face to face contact
Zoom: works like a real class. Recorded lectures: I can scroll back over and over to the part I didn’t quite get.