Q14: Of the online instructional methods that you have experienced, which ones have not worked well for you?	
I would say they've all worked, just to varying degrees.
Recorded lessons
I really dislike all of the methods.
Asynchronous on-your-own assignments
Posted lectures have been very helpful to revisit
Moodle forums
Other than zoom and usual moodle things, there isn't much else that I use.
posted notes and homework
theyve all been fine
They’ve all worked pretty well for me.
I did not like recorded lectures.
professors that just maintained old class structure
Asynchronous lectures have not worked
Not so much
sticking to strictly what we were doing before but now online.
I do not like when professors just give us documents to fill out rather than having a discussion.
Zoom is a little glitchy in larger classes.
Google Teams
i have no motivation to watch recorded lectures
The Powerpoints are fine for lectures but it can be difficult to find the time to watch them / simultaneously take notes. The process takes a bit longer than it would if the lectures happened in real time.
Asynchronous classes, sort of
Synchronous methods helped but were often set at a generic pace (working on example problems together). This meant that sometimes, classes were class unhelpful.
Some group discussions are a little embarrassing, not that people don’t want to talk. Just not sitting together makes discussion hard and less tangible. Hope professors could address this by involving more people in groups or lead better discussion topics.
Zoom is effective, but I hate it. There’s no better solution though.
Zoom hasn’t been very helpful.
If I were to pick a least favorite aspect of online class it would be having seminars over zoom.
For the lab that I am in, since we cannot have any subjects do our experiments, we were asking to just make up results and we haven’t had class for the passed three weeks so it is hard to continue the motivation for this class.
Microsoft teams
One on one discussions, while very rare in the classes where they occur, have been somewhat less helpful.
expecting the same amount of effort and workload of students as before all of this
Cancelling class
Zoom office hours are intimidating Class participation via zoom
Actual class has worked fine. The harder part is completing work outside of class especially on the types of assignments I would’ve been able to collaborate on and get TA/lab hours help with at school.
it's hard to juggle so many different discussion threads across multiple classes
Classes that are not having Zoom meetings and are only posting online readings and responses.
Pre recorded lectures
Because I don’t have a printer at home I have a difficult time reading so much material online..
Emails!  Also there are some professors who choose to not record office hours for specific reasons.
super long classes (3 hrs)
Moodle discussion boards
Zoom does not work well for me because my internet connection is not the best
I am not a big fan of the prerecorded lectures
Zoom keeps giving me connectivity issues and freezing
Zoom, Voicethread.
Group projects and class discussions
I sometimes have some issues with Zoom-- and I'm not a fan of the fact that I have to sit in front of a computer for so long everyday-- but in the long wrong, it isn't terrible, because at least I am lucky enough to be able to access zoom and attend my classes as usual
For one class we no longer meet as a group. There are activities and office hours but no more lectures.
Regular lecture discussions because I don't want to or feel confident participating.
It’s been okay so far, but zooming computer science lab is very challenging and I don’t get a lot out of it
recorded lectures
Expected attendance with lessons that could be recorded lessons instead
The only hard part for me is with my discussion classes because it is harder for me to participate because we are not raising our hands and we have to just jump in and since I am quiet that has been hard, so I have had to wait til nearer the end of class when the ideas are all already out.
Recorded panapto lectures
Zoom
Synchronous classes have been harder for more interactive types of class.
Zoom has been the main method and it is fine but the time difference and unusable WiFi network can be hard to adjust to.
It's been hard to research and also read many chapters of books online and focus and everything, but that's no fault of Haverford.
Panopto, because the quality is not ideal and the course feels scattered.
Zoom at 6am
the moodle forums as a substitute for class has seriously harmed my learning experience and makes me feel as if I'm learning a lot less. I would rather a recorded lecture instead.
None
moodle and bionic (although we haven't used bionic thus far) are very very outdated pieces of software. Bionic especially is not intuitive at all and I imagine will be even worse once we start using it to choose classes shortly.
I have found my zoom classes really hard. I have a lot of trouble following what is happening, and find it really easy to get distracted.
None of them are great
It can be difficult to participate in the zoom format, especially in larger courses or when some students take up space in discussions.
Zoom classes
panopto
None
Like I said, courses that have increased workload - primarily through weekly "reflections" - have proven really burdensome.
My one class is basically an entire powerpoint with each slide dedicated to a new exercise we are supposed to complete on our own from our textbook.
Synchronous learning while on the west coast-- As mentioned before, waking up for certain classes is a challenge to me! I forgot to say earlier, but expectations of synchronous TA sessions are also really difficult me, as the normal 8PM PST session that is basically required to finish homework assignments for one class means I have to find a way to get out of dinner with my family. This is not always possible for me, as I am usually responsible for cooking and cleaning it!
none
synchronous meetings on zoom since all of my classes are early in the morning
There's not any in particular that haven't worked well for me.
They were ok
The synchronous sessions have not worked as well.
Asynchronous lectures (pre-recorded).
I think some of the Zoom breakout rooms aren't always very productive.
I have not appreciated when professors just give readings and problems without much external instruction or clarification on materials. It makes it unclear what I have to learn and leaves learning up to a bunch of confusion (and an apparent lack of motivation).
None (the asynchronous model works alright, just less well than Zoom).
Those that are not flexible (see above).
I don’t like synchronous lectures.
Zoom and moodle discussion boards. I like zoom and I think it would work extremely well if I had my own bedroom in my house or had 4 less people living with me, but my house is too crowded and noisy to really make zoom work, Plus, my internet isn’t fast enough so I spend most of class staring at a frozen screen.
All have worked for me.
All of them. Professors need to practice and learn how to make online learning effective. If I were to show up to my thesis talk without having practiced and it was a mess, that would be on me. Similarly, professors not practising to engage students digitally is on them. Recognizing the difficulty of learning said skills, the professors are trying; but, the quality of education drops significantly
Teachers trying to lecture as if we are in a classroom
Microsoft as the professor is only using voice, not visual so it’s difficult to follow along
Live zoom classes have been hard
my professors who have not really done anything but have us submit work via email
zoom lectures
Discussions
Zoom.
Synchronous
Moodle discussion forms
Synchronous lectures
Zoom?
Uploaded material for self-teaching
Ones that have expected the same of me.
I have a class where we have a group project, which has been frustrating
I still don't know what instructional method means
Moodle.
Zoom
online but students are all muted/video turned off
The posted lectures.
One downside of synchronous lecture is that there is sometimes trouble maintaining a strong enough internet connection to “catch” everything that professors and classmates say.
Forced class discussion
Mostly, my classes have worked out fine, although our discussion groups haven't been super effective.
All have worked well
The Zoom classes are just hard to be attentive too. You can't be more removed from a class setting than being a couple miles away from your professor and on you laptop. Students at Haverford are driven to do their work but its really hard when theres so many distractions and its hard to be involved in class online. I think having prerecorded classes allows students to do their work before deadlines because they can complete it on their own time and they are zoned in because at 1 am if I want to watch my psych lecture Im doing it because I'm focused productive and ready to watch all hour and 15 of it.
pre-recorded lectures, it does not capture the same interactive environment, and i imagine is just as weird for the profs as it is for us.
Pre-recorded lectures.
Zoom classes where people aren't comfortable asking questions are the worst.  Also I know in many breakout rooms I've been in or received snapchats of, people don't have their camera on, and are on mute.
Chemistry Question Center
panopto, zoom presentations
Group projects analyzing laboratory data  Revising the grant Online discussion boards
Definitely the synchronous lectures, but it depends on course content
None.
Lectures, when pre-recorded, have been effective, although when these are carried out remotely and synchronously, they can be more difficult to access, and there can be less room for flexibility in the discussions/interactions between instructor and student in these situations
All have worked .
lecture
Sometimes individual meetings with professors..
I think video lectures are more of a struggle for me, but I think it’s just because of the need to actually make myself focus. However, I believe they’re necessary for earlier classes.
Some professors have attempted to maintain the same syllabus or courseload given the crisis(especially when these clases were lab based or already intensive). It is extremely hard to memorize and conceptualize parts of the brain and neurology through a zoom call.
Only having recorded lectures
Synchronous meetings are also somewhat problematic, because time zone changes make these difficult to attend and do my best work in.
Though I see the advantages of asynchronous learning, I think it has not worked as well for me.
Asynchronous learning.
Lectures- they just feel draining. I don’t feel like I’m paying attention.
Meeting in small groups at non class times and reporting back to the professor. I understand the value of small group work and have appreciated doing it as part of class time using the zoom breakout groups.
powerpoints in non-lecture classes small discussions where the professor dominates the entire discussion
Given the circumstances we find ourselves in, I think it would be harsh to say that some online instructional methods haven't worked outright. Everyone's trying their best. Successful/unsuccessful instructional methods are more dependent on the type of class being taught.
Zoom lectures.
I have not particularly enjoyed the various asynchronous discussion forums I have used, like VoiceThread, Moodle, Slack, etc.
Smaller, more frequent assignments. They are simply very difficult to keep track of and - even if they are not assessed as late now - frequently realizing you have forgotten something is another nagging sense.
moodle
they have all worked well for me because different classes require different methods and teaching styles
Keeping the same dates. Keeping the exact same projects/ assignments due without requiring less of us. Expecting us to give this all of our attention like we don’t have other things going on in our lives.
moodle overall slightly annoying to use
Recorded lectures
Synchronous lectures have worked decently when in the afternoon, but when they're in the morning I struggle to attend and pay attention.
Zoom has been a little tricky with time difference but otherwise fine.
Resources like the CQC and office hours have been a little bit difficult to deal with because there is less structure and often times a lot of people sign on.
Zoom
Panopto
I guess zoom?
Recorded lectures.
online lectures, harder to learn and I feel disconnected
None have been that bad
None so far.
Asynchronous lectures that have class material, homework, and larger assignments all due Sunday nights.
None
Microsoft teams was very difficult to operate.
In my bigger class, Zoom discussions were hard.
Recorded lectures are fine, they just lack the social aspect and ability to ask questions.
Asynchronous learning through a combination of recorded office hours and lectures from past years has been difficult to follow.
Engaging in class discussion on twitter.
Group projects (presentations) are very time consuming and in my opinion not very logical in this kind of settings. Smaller the groups the better.
Microsoft Teams was hot garbage
Zoom class meeting
Synchronous meetings. Also, my chem class has a lot of workload now compared to before and it's very hard getting the support I need
Pre-recorded powerpoints. I wish I could speed up the audio; I don't want to spend an hour listening to information I could digest in half an hour.
Online lectures where our cameras and mics were off are very difficult for me as I have focus problems and without any external incentive it's very difficult to pay attention.
piazza
Asynchronous lectures
Moodle forum
Again, zoom and other similar video chat platforms just feel exhausting, in the sense that I'm never sure how to balance my own interjections and others'.
Only applicable when internet is slow or down
It's really hard to focus without being in the classroom. In my CS classes, the physical/social lab space is really important (I've learned this by suddenly not having it).
Zoom lectures  Recorded lectures
synchronous lectures, breakout rooms/discussion in large lectures
I wouldn't say that any of them have worked particularly poorly, but purely lecture based classes have been less effective, since I no longer have the opportunity to casually discuss their content with my classmates.
The zoom office hours.
The Microsoft teams meetings without visual aids or video have been terrible to follow
Large group discussions.
Pizza for my Bryn Mawr class.
Recorded lectures are helpful in that I can pause when my professor goes to fast, but also difficult in that nobody can ask questions during lecture.
They've all worked.
Asynchronous formats like reading assignments and essays (without meeting for class) have not worked well for me as I find myself struggling to engage and really understand the material. While my professors have made themselves very available, it is simply not the same as asking them questions in real time, and also engaging with the questions of my peers, something I find helps with my own learning.
The flipped classroom in physics has made it much harder to motivate myself to do work.
Synchronous unrecorded classes have been difficult to keep up with.
Art is kind of hard because you cannot really see everyone else's progress, and it is hard for instructors to offer advice on out paintings.
Microsoft teams caused many issues in my language class bc of sound issues
Long form open ended projects. Two of my classes have a final project that we've shifted focus to, and I"m very worried I just straight up won't do them. I've got a first draft due in two days and still need to convince myself to reread the paper its about.
Recorded lectures on Panopto. They have been hard to follow.
N/a: all have been fine
Big essay assignments
Business as usual classes are not realistic. Reductions in scope of the class or other forms of added flexibility seem very necessary to me
Morning classes via Zoom.
The tests have been a little bit weird in terms of format. Since they're just like attach in an e-mail or on Moodle.
NIL
Synchronous lectures. Especially if we are expected to attend all of them.
Live classes
Lecture recordings
I am really falling behind in the class that is completely just readings, then writing a 2 page response, and having all my responses due in late April.
Professors from study abroad not posting lectures for 3 weeks straight.
Not applicable as zoom is the only way my professors have been teaching.
None. Zoom classes are fine, but then again I don’t have anything that’s heavily action based so I’m lucky.
Zoom lectures with 10+ people.
They have all worked relatively well.
the complete asynchronous method because without face to face teacher guidance it is easy to get off track and harder to know the expectations for each assignment.
they are all working okay
Those that still have stringent deadlines or strict methodology.
Video lectures.
Slack
The elephant in the room is that online learning just doesn't work for Haverford? I am not learning anything from any of my classes, except my thesis which has continued about the same as when I was on campus. All my friends share the same sentiment. Given the circumstances, I'm OK with that, and personally I think the college and its professors should focus more on supporting students emotionally than trying to continue like normal with teaching. In addition, several professors of my friends have flat out said that they plan on giving everyone a 4.0 for the semester, which doesn't exactly inspire further work or motivation to learn.
Linear algebra as a live zoom class feels like an inefficient use of my time. It's always a lecture so I don't understand why we can't have it recorded and for me to look at any time.
Zoom breakout discussion rooms
The synchronous classes with regular meetings have caused a lot of stress and exhaustion, especially because they are both 2 hour 30 minute classes which meet on the same day.
Recorded lectures. There just isn't that much accountability to complete them, and it feels pretty boring and dry to stare at your professor on a computer screen for an hour.
Breakout rooms and requiring additional participation outside of class through Moodle forums
Thinking that I can do as well as I would be if I was at school. My thesis has been the exact same and now feels even more strenuous without the resources I had at school.
Not Applicable
The classes that require more lecture based instruction.
I dislike recorded lectures the most
I have one class where, in lieu of class, we have just been submitting short essays on the reading. I have personally found it difficult to complete work of this nature, so I'd much prefer to have more task-oriented or conversation-oriented assignments.
I personally don't learn with online methods.
Assignments of the same volume that is normally expected of a typical semester at Haverford are too difficult to achieve given that staring at a computer for 10+ hours a day and family responsibilities are major sources of stress.
Watching videos ahead of time and then attending Zoom hours to ask questions. I am not going to wake up to join Zoom hours at 6:30am to ask questions.
Voicethreads has been difficult to figure out and creating videos is awkward. Google hangouts were bad because they were kicking students off the class, but we then switched over to zoom and that's been fine.
Panopto-recorded lectures have been the most difficult.
Moodle forum discussions.
Optional learning. I just don't do it, even if it would benefit my educational experience. Also, one of my classes used to be on Microsoft Teams, and that didn't work.
self-managed textbook reading and supplemental videos
Zoom and lecture recordings
This method works as well as you'd expect. I'm learning but it's incredibly boring and demotivating to not be able to interact while watching a lecture and I'd much prefer recorded live lectures that others could watch later.
I haven't had a direct issue with this (because of panopto recordings) but I think synchronous learning may be very difficult and unfair to some students because of where they are.
I find it harder to actually commit to fully learning in an asynchronous class. But, the class that has worked worst for my learning is the synchronous meetings that are audio only and I am just watching a screen that says my professor's name on it.
I wouldn't say that any haven't worked well, although I preferred reading and powerpoint instruction less.
live zoom lectures, prerecorded panopto lectures
Lectures are unengaging.
none
Zoom is effective and I believe is the best option
Live Zoom sessions with more than 10 people. I’m in a class where there are routinely more than 25 participants and with an online connection that can be a bit temperamental, it becomes frustrating when trying to have an efficient conversation and let everyone participate (which the instructor expects).
Sometimes I have difficulty connecting with Zoom, but the class is posted afterwards if I need to rewatch.
Synchronous online meetings through Zoom are not working as well for me. It is difficult for some members of our classes to access Zoom at specific times. It really changes the class dynamic and the discussions when not all members of the class are able to participate as they normally could. Class is also significantly less engaging when there are connectivity issues or glitches/lagging in Zoom that result in missing part or all of what someone just said
I find it tricky to do long readings at home. My concentration is not the same. I prefer short, compact information.
N/A -- all of my professors have done a good job
One of my professors emailed us a list of assignments to complete by the end of the semester, and that confused me at first because I didn't realize initially that that was all they were requiring (i.e. that there were holding no synchronous classes).  Now it's been hard to motivate myself to gradually complete all the assignments, even though I enjoy the material.
normal class hours with zoom didn't work well because the Wifi in the BCC is terrible and I could not maintain connection
It is incredibly unclear what is due, when it is due, and how to submit it.
Same as what I said above.
I do NOT like traditional lectures directly transposed into zoom.
I do not like voice-over powerpoints.
Large Zoom classes have honestly been painful because it's really hard to be engaged in this virtual setting when you can barely see the 30 other people in the class. Sometimes asynchronous learning doesn't work very well either (depends).
Only readings and posted videos
Having class over zoom is just not productive. People don't listen / attend lectures always and hard to have class in your home
Writing response papers to readings
I haven't felt like any of them have been working very well, it's been very difficult to engage.
moodle discussion forum!
Prerecorded lectures, pre-made data sheets for labs
In one class, the readings have become mostly optional, and that hasn't worked for me because then the discussions are ineffective. I still want some responsibilities and semblance of normality. I know from other classes that it is still ok to expect something of me.
While I appreciate the attempt to recreate the social interactions of a classroom via live Zoom classes, my environment just does not allow me to do it effectively.
LARGER ZOOM seminars
Zoom office hours and Moodle forums.
Nothing in particular.
They've all worked pretty well
MS Teams, Panopto.
Complete asynchronous learning
I think lectures aren't engaging over zoom and asynchronous methods don't provide any instruction form professors (although those are the preferred methods of many professors).
Pre-recorded lectures are not effective at all.
Breakout rooms on zoom
Posting of Lecture slides without walkthrough.
While I don't have any specific grievance with Zoom, the problem is the time zone change which is the biggest problem in adjusting my schedule.
panopto recordings
zoom is honestly somewhat disturbing and I've been staring at screen literally 24/7.
zoom sometimes crashes
Zoom meetings for seminar-based courses are more difficult
Online discussion forum
Large group zoom discussions are much more intimidating to engage in than smaller discussion groups.
Zoom meetings
none
Zoom's Breakout room
Pre-recorded lectures and communication over slack.
Learning online is difficult in general & I don’t think I’m doing very well in most of my classes but I’m still putting in as much effort as I was before. I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that the material is hard & is not meant to be taught online & the translation is struggling.
For the most part, all the online instructional methods have worked well for me.
Synchronized learning can be very beneficial to me, but sometimes it cost for a lot of anxiety. I am not sure why probably because it’s the closest thing to accountability that is required of me at this moment.
Zoom seminar
Lab videos don't convey the experience of doing a lab at all
I am not sure.
blog posts and optional zoom
recorded lectures.
Uploaded lectures
Asynchronous work has not worked well for me.
Moodle forums and writing responses
The Moodle discussion board is a horrible way to conduct class. It is difficult to follow and impossible to hold a conversation.
PowerPoints posted on Moodle without synchronous class discussion or even a recorded teacher lecture.
Meh everything works half decently. I don't think any of them are great or particularly desirable or comparable to in-person instruction.
I don't think any of them didn't work for me.
Class discussion-based courses that have been synchronous. I find it harder to be inclined to speak on zoom, only a few people do all of the talking every class.
voice threads the most, but also small group discussions
pre-recorded powerpoint presentations.
Synchronous lecture
One thing I would wish for generally is to have more breaks during these online classes so that I do not have to sit down hunched over my computer for so much consecutive time.
It has been challenging for me to follow along with lectures over zoom.
A synchronous lectures
In my discussion heavy film studies course, it has become difficult to recreate the setting through Zoom, which we had in class.
Some of the asynchronous materials, such as posting just powerpoint without video instruction, is not optimal.
Obviously the lack of in-person help is much different than the online version of office hours/TA sessions. Mainly for me, it is hard to be motivated/remain focused in a different environment without my peers.
probably excessive zoom meetings- once per week or so for a class is good, but classes that have several I just find myself not feeling very engaged sometimes
They all worked out quite well.
Full zoom classes are tough, I usually have to turn my video off and clean the kitchen or something bc otherwise I can’t focus. But then I feel like professors think I’m not actually paying attention which is frustrating. Also trying to write long essays for a grade right now feels like that myth about the guy pushing a rock up a hill over and over
I dislike zoom because of my connection issues.
Pre-recorded lectures, group activities (as everyone is in different timezones etc.)
I don't have any major problems with asynchronous classes, I just don't like it as much as the synchronous classes. Also, this isn't due to any specific tool, but I've found painting/fine arts classes to be much harder to do online.
Zoom.
Screen sharing whiteboards
All of my classes are meeting on zoom.
I don't really think I've used anything other than Zoom, except Google Hangouts to talk to a prof. during office hours. That was fine.
Moodle
videos without synchronous class time
Both work well in their situations.
Recorded lectures, lectures without visual cues.
I bet online classes dont work for international or west coast sTudents
One thing I don't like with Zoom is that unless your laptop is touch-screen, it can be difficult to show your written work to someone else because the whiteboard feature on Zoom can be difficult to write on. I also didn't like the moodle chats because you have to type everything instead of saying it, which I think is more efficient.
None
Zoom lessons for lectures that could be pre-recorded.
Discussions don’t work well on zoom. Everyone just mutes or doesn’t talk. Good for lectures I guess but none of my classes this semester are lectures
Recorded lectures.
Sometimes the breakout rooms are frustrating because the professor will be in a certain "room", which has a longer conversation. The other rooms do not have as much to talk about and once they finish their discusses just wait for the professor to pull everyone back to the main session. This feel like a waste of time.
Recorded classes
Recorded Zoom
Constant discussion forums on Moodle feel really redundant and unimportant sometimes.
None
Office hour feels more complex.
Nothing in particular except rigid deadlines make things difficult.
Asynchronous with no video lectures
I don't think anything has not worked for me because I am flexible and adaptive.
Non-synchronous work
Recorded videos, panopto lectures.
Asynchronous learning in all forms has been rather unhelpful because it becomes more difficult to engage with the material and asking questions becomes far more difficult. It seems to also just add to an already rather heavy workload.
Recorded lectures and written discussion
straight lecture
Blog posts are just busy work; bur I guess you need to make sure we’re actually doing the readings. My history zoom classes are not good.
Unsynchronized class is really impersonal. It's hard to collaborate with other students and/or the professor.
no
Zoom Class Meetings
Zoom
Zoom lectures
None
Synchronous lectures
None have been outstandingly unproductive.
I’m not sure what you mean by “online instructional methods”
The pre-recorded lectures
Teams caused problems for my French class (at BMC). We spent more time reconnecting than having actual class. We have recently moved to Zoom
I haven't enjoyed the student power point presentations. Lectures online are also more difficult to pay attention to.
Slack and Moodle
Zoom worked well
There hasn't been anything that I find particularly bad. Sometimes in live Zoom lectures I find it difficult to participate and interject yourself into the conversation- it is a bit awkward and cumbersome to need to constantly mute/unmute yourself, and there is no real way to effectively get the professors attention besides just blurting something out in the middle of their lecture.
Meeting once a week for discussions as opposed to twice. This really makes me feel more distant from the course and interrupts the rhythm of the class. That being said, I have a class that does not meet at all but has assignments due twice a week that has been going well.
Panapto. It is very difficult to be manage the times to watch the lectures while taking care of things at home.  Zoom. It is hard to see and hear everyone when my wifi is not stable.
Lecture Recordings
I haven't been as huge a fan of the online meetings via zoom, since structuring classes as though we are able to meet in person and conduct the lesson as though we werent thousands of miles apart is not working.  Making it based on assignment completion and posting (with the option for doing a zoom meeting purely as a freeform, unstructured discussion of the material for those able and interested) has been much easier for me as of now.
Both. See above.
Labs are pretty sad--it's not good just analyzing data.
They have all been OK, none has been particularly bad.
None of the programs have not worked well for me.
None!
Using lectures that had been recorded from last year’s classes
The lectures have been the least effective.
Office hour
They have all been helpful.
It hasn't hindered my learning at all, but I pretty much ignore lecture recordings if there are other materials with the same information
Large assignments with flexible due dates
Online discussions feel very superficial and the a-synchrony of it takes a lot away from the richness of discussion
None of them.
The class without a lecture did not work well, and the class with ambiguity around day-to-day reading assignment, did not work well for me at all.
Meeting for class time to discuss (though it is a seminar class)
Even though its somewhat effective, I still struggle with Zoom. I just find it way more challenging to pay attention online
Just overall, the stress of the situation and of disconnect from Haverford leads to low motivation, engagement, and interest
Only Question and Answer sessions which people do not show up to have been mediocre.
Since the lectures are not written on multi-layered blackboards, it's hard to refer to the previously written information. Also, sometimes I can't write everything I need.
3.5 hour zoom courses will be the death of me! This happened twice in two separate once a week courses. Cannot do that again.
Biology sucks with online seminar and lab.
I have not enjoyed discussion forums, I think they become bland and repetitive very quickly.
online readings
I only used zoom
Asking for group presentations or other types of work that heavily depends on group dynamics has been really hard online
Watching lecture recordings was difficult. Synchronous learning with a class of 30 for a discussion class was not good. It was very hard to participate, especially since the participation grade remained.
Piazza
Zoom classes
All have been fine
Watching labs and then writing as normal
To be very honest, I dislike virtual learning a lot. It is very incompatible with me, so I would say all of them have not worked well for me.
I wouldn't say zoom lectures did "not" work, but they were just harder to access and participate in.
See above.
They have all worked.
I think the regimented nature of the life classes was better than the flexible nature of the pre-recorded classes because it is easy to slack off at home
long classes with presentations
Trying to collaborate on whiteboards with other students in small groups has been hard.
Both of them.
I took a CS class at Bryn Mawr and the professor disappeared for over a month and only gave one lecture after spring break (during the last week of class)
Asynchronous learning and discussions threads have not worked for me.
I don't love moodle posts being the basis of class interaction and participation personally, but they're okay.
Online lectures
I don't believe that Zoom classes should be synchronous mandatory. I don't think that is fair for everybody.
my painting class was done online, which was not very necessary, but not problematic. I would suggest that the teacher just had office hours.
None in particular
I do not have an answer.
I really struggle to pay attention in zoom lectures
youtube videos. i did not pay this much money to have the internet teach me
Online group work.
Pasting from "For your current term online courses, please list which instructional methods have been used." real time zoom discussions readings essay writing moodle discussions audio files zoom lectures
Having to do the work of college at all during this time has not worked particularly well for me, and it's overall felt like a shell of the previous experience. Mostly though I'm just a little frustrated that Haverford felt the need to make seniors finish the semester during this ridiculous global pandemic.
study abroad class
Pre-recorded classes.
None of them
Synchronous class meetings through zoom
like I said, they have been fine, but hardly adequate